Added Algorithms Course by Abdul Bari to 2b. Video Lectures in README.md file (#20)
WomenWhoCode/wwcsf-algos: topics/big-O.md

# Big-O Complexity Analysis

## Resources

- [Stanford CS106b handout](https://web.stanford.edu/class/archive/cs/cs106b/cs106b.1176/handouts/midterm/5-BigO.pdf): This handout walks through how to big - O complexity for loops and recursion.

> - [Algorithms Course by Abdul Bari](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IAPZzGSbME&list=PLDN4rrl48XKpZkf03iYFl-O29szjTrs_O): Big -O concepts and time complexity are covered in Section 1 of the YouTube series. Topics covered are as follow:

Reviewer: Please add a short description after the link, for example:
```suggestion
- [Algorithms Course by Abdul Bari](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0IAPZzGSbME&list=PLDN4rrl48XKpZkf03iYFl-O29szjTrs_O): Section 1 covers Big-O topics including time complexity, classes of functions, Omega and Theta, and best/worst/average case analysis.
```

> 

Reviewer: Please delete from `Topics covered are as follow` to line 28.
